chore(doc): add padding in version selector elements on the documentation (#6698)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/some-parts-raise.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': patch
---

> A padding is added around version-selectors on v10, for `top` and `bottom`, and `right` and `left`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added padding in the version selector for better readability.
```

The changeset does not need to state the version.
